docs: update rdb_instance documentation (#1414)
scaleway/terraform-provider-scaleway: docs/resources/rdb_instance.md

- `certificate` - Certificate of the database instance.
- `organization_id` - The organization ID the Database Instance is associated with.

## Limitations

The Managed Database product is only compliant with the private network in the default availability zone (AZ).

> i.e PAR1, AMS1, WAW1. To know more about check our section [How to connect a PostgreSQL and MySQL Database Instance to a Private Network](https://www.scaleway.com/en/docs/managed-databases/postgresql-and-mysql/how-to/connect-database-private-network/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
i.e. `PAR1`, `AMS1`, `WAW1`. To know more, check our section [How to connect a PostgreSQL or MySQL Database Instance to a Private Network](https://www.scaleway.com/en/docs/managed-databases/postgresql-and-mysql/how-to/connect-database-private-network/)
```

> i.e. `PAR1`, `AMS1`, `WAW1`. To know more, check our section [How to connect a PostgreSQL or MySQL Database Instance to a Private Network](https://www.scaleway.com/en/docs/managed-databases/postgresql-and-mysql/how-to/connect-database-private-network/)

Reviewer 2: Should it be `fr-par-1`, `nl-ams-1` and `pl-waw-1` ?

> i.e `fr-par-1`, `nl-ams-1`, `pl-waw-1`. To know more about check our section [How to connect a PostgreSQL and MySQL Database Instance to a Private Network](https://www.scaleway.com/en/docs/managed-databases/postgresql-and-mysql/how-to/connect-database-private-network/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
i.e `fr-par-1`, `nl-ams-1`, `pl-waw-1`. To learn more, read our section [How to connect a PostgreSQL and MySQL Database Instance to a Private Network](https://www.scaleway.com/en/docs/managed-databases/postgresql-and-mysql/how-to/connect-database-private-network/)
```
